Product-REST-API

Technologies used for the Application:

1. Spring Data JPA - for Accessing Data in the Database.
2. Spring Web - for Building a Web Service.
3. Spring Validation - for Validating Data.
4. Postgresql - Database for Storing Data.
5. FlywayDB - Creates a Schema in Postgresql upon Running an Application(myFlyWayConfig.conf file).
6. WireMock - for Testing Endpoints.


Starting the Application:

Run the Application.java to start the application.
Flyway will setup a table in Postgresql with the help of v1__product.sql file in the Resources.
Database is setup in the application.properties.
myFlyWayConfig.conf file makes sure the table that is being created using v1__product.sql, is made in
the database that we setup in the application.properties file.

Model:

Product, contains:
1. Autogenerated ID.
2. Unique 10 digit code.
3. Name.
4. Price in HRK.
5. Price in EUR.(price in EUR is based upon the VALUE OF EUR at HNB API)
6. Description.
7. Availability.


Application Architecture:

1. Controller - Controlls the flow of the data between the Client and the Server.
2. Service - Business Logic of the Application.
3. Repository - Retrieves Data from the Database.

REST Endpoints:

GET - /api/v1/product/all - retrieves all the products from the Database.

GET - /api/v1/product/1 - retrieves the product with an ID of 1 from the Databsse.

GET - /api/v1/product/name/Toothbrush - retrieves the product with the name value "Toothbrush" from the Database.

POST - /api/v1/product - create a new Product in the Database. Set up the name, priceHrk and description of a new Product. 
                         Other values are autogenerated.(Validation makes sure the price cant have negative value)
                         
PUT - /api/v1/product/1 - change the values of a Product in the Database that has an ID of 1.
                          (Validation makes sure the price cant have negative value)
                          
DELETE - /api/v1/product/1 - delete the Product from the Database with an ID of 1.

